[DOCS] `convert_model()` as a default conversion path (#17454)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/Documentation/openvino_workflow.md

   

| :doc:`Model Preparation <openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction>`

> | With Model Conversion API guide, you will learn to convert pre-trained models for use with OpenVINO™. You can use your own models or choose some from a broad selection provided in the Open Model Zoo.

Reviewer: @andrei-kochin, is it still valid to refer to OMZ?

Reviewer 2: No, it is not valid.
@sgolebiewski-intel please replace Open Model Zoo with "TF Hub, Hugging Face, Torchvision models"

Author: > No, it is not valid. @sgolebiewski-intel please replace Open Model Zoo with "Tensorflow Hub, Hugging Face, Torchvision models"

```suggestion
| With Model Conversion API guide, you will learn to convert pre-trained models for use with OpenVINO™. You can use your own models or choose some from a broad selection in online databases, such as `TensorFlow Hub <https://tfhub.dev/>`__, `Hugging Face <https://huggingface.co/>`__, `Torchvision models <https://pytorch.org/hub/>`__..
```

> | With Model Downloader and Model Conversion API guides, you will learn to download pre-trained models and convert them for use with OpenVINO™. You can use your own models or choose some from a broad selection provided in the Open Model Zoo.

Author: ```suggestion
| With Model Conversion API guides, you will learn to convert pre-trained models for use with OpenVINO™. You can use your own models or choose some from a broad selection provided in the Open Model Zoo.
```

> | With Model Downloader and Model Conversion API guides, you will learn to download pre-trained models and convert them for use with OpenVINO™. You can use your own models or choose some from a broad selection provided in the Open Model Zoo.

Author: Addressed it with the [85462ea](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/17454/commits/85462eac1b802fd10f6c715a8a5f0f9ee0750c6a) commit.
